README.md, before:

<!--
Copyright 2015 LinkedIn Corp.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not
use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of
the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
the License.
-->

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/linkedin/linkedin-gradle-plugin-for-apache-hadoop.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/linkedin/linkedin-gradle-plugin-for-apache-hadoop) [![Download](https://api.bintray.com/packages/convexquad/maven/linkedin-gradle-plugin-for-apache-hadoop/images/download.svg)](https://bintray.com/convexquad/maven/linkedin-gradle-plugin-for-apache-hadoop/_latestVersion)

### LinkedIn Gradle Plugin for Apache Hadoop

The **LinkedIn Gradle Plugin for Apache Hadoop** (which we shall refer to as simply the
"Hadoop Plugin" for brevity) will help you more effectively build, test and deploy Hadoop
applications.

In particular, the Plugin will help you easily work with Hadoop applications like Apache Pig and
build workflows for Hadoop workflow schedulers like Azkaban and Apache Oozie.

The Plugin includes the **LinkedIn Gradle DSL for Apache Hadoop** (which we shall refer to as simply
the "Hadoop DSL" for brevity), a language for specifying jobs and workflows for Hadoop workflow
schedulers like Azkaban and Apache Oozie.

#### Hadoop Plugin User Guide

The Hadoop Plugin User Guide is available at [User Guide]
(https://github.com/linkedin/linkedin-gradle-plugin-for-apache-hadoop/wiki/User-Guide).

#### Hadoop DSL Language Reference

The Hadoop DSL Language Reference is available at [Hadoop DSL Language Reference]
(https://github.com/linkedin/linkedin-gradle-plugin-for-apache-hadoop/wiki/Hadoop-DSL-Language-Reference).

#### Getting the Hadoop Plugin

The Hadoop Plugin is now published on [plugins.gradle.org]
(https://plugins.gradle.org/plugin/com.linkedin.gradle.hadoop.HadoopPlugin). Click on the link for
a short snippet to add to your `build.gradle` file to start using the Hadoop Plugin.

#### Project Structure

The project structure is setup as follows:

  * `hadoop-plugin`: Code for the various plugins that comprise the Hadoop Plugin
  * `hadoop-plugin-test`: Test cases for the Hadoop Plugin
  * `li-hadoop-plugin`: LinkedIn-specific extensions to the Hadoop Plugin
  * `li-hadoop-plugin-test`: Test cases for the LinkedIn-specific extensions to the Hadoop Plugin

Although the `li-hadoop-plugin` code is generally specific to LinkedIn, it is included in the
project to show you how to use subclassing to extend the core functionality of the Hadoop Plugin.

#### Building and Running Test Cases

To build the Plugin and run the test cases, run `./gradlew build` from the top-level project directory.

To see all the test tasks, run `./gradlew tasks` from the top-level project directory. You can run
an individual test with `./gradlew test_testName`. You can also run multiple tests by running
`./gradlew test_testName1 ... test_testNameN`.

#### Apache Oozie Status

Although we started on a Hadoop DSL compiler for Oozie, we did not complete it, and it is currently
not in a usable form. We are not currently working on it, although it is possible we might go back
and finish it in the future.

#### Recent News

  * `April 2016` We have made a refresh of the [User Guide](https://github.com/linkedin/linkedin-gradle-plugin-for-apache-hadoop/wiki/User-Guide) and [Hadoop DSL Language Reference](https://github.com/linkedin/linkedin-gradle-plugin-for-apache-hadoop/wiki/Hadoop-DSL-Language-Reference) Wiki pages
  * `January 2016` The Hadoop Plugin is now published on [plugins.gradle.org](https://plugins.gradle.org/plugin/com.linkedin.gradle.hadoop.HadoopPlugin)
  * `November 2015` Gradle version bumped to 2.7 and the Gradle daemon enabled - tests run much, much faster
  * `August 2015` Initial pull requests for Oozie versioned deployments and the Oozie Hadoop DSL compiler have been merged
  * `August 2015` The Hadoop Plugin and Hadoop DSL were released on Github! See the [LinkedIn Engineering Blog post](https://engineering.linkedin.com/hadoop/open-sourcing-linkedin-gradle-plugin-and-dsl-apache-hadoop) for the announcement!
  * `July 2015` See our talk at the [Gradle Summit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=51NzDgxHr4I)

Commit message:

Minor build setup cleanups and improvements - Apply eclipse and idea plugins to all projects (#123)

README.md, after:

<!--
Copyright 2015 LinkedIn Corp.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not
use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of
the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
the License.
-->

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/linkedin/linkedin-gradle-plugin-for-apache-hadoop.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/linkedin/linkedin-gradle-plugin-for-apache-hadoop) [![Download](https://api.bintray.com/packages/convexquad/maven/linkedin-gradle-plugin-for-apache-hadoop/images/download.svg)](https://bintray.com/convexquad/maven/linkedin-gradle-plugin-for-apache-hadoop/_latestVersion)

### LinkedIn Gradle Plugin for Apache Hadoop

The **LinkedIn Gradle Plugin for Apache Hadoop** (which we shall refer to as simply the
"Hadoop Plugin" for brevity) will help you more effectively build, test and deploy Hadoop
applications.

In particular, the Plugin will help you easily work with Hadoop applications like Apache Pig and
build workflows for Hadoop workflow schedulers like Azkaban and Apache Oozie.

The Plugin includes the **LinkedIn Gradle DSL for Apache Hadoop** (which we shall refer to as simply
the "Hadoop DSL" for brevity), a language for specifying jobs and workflows for Hadoop workflow
schedulers like Azkaban and Apache Oozie.

#### Can I Benefit from the Hadoop Plugin and Hadoop DSL?

The Hadoop Plugin is only useful if you are using Gradle as your build system. If you are using
Azkaban, you should start using the Hadoop Plugin immediately and you should start using the Hadoop
DSL as the primary mechanism by which you develop your Azkaban workflows. Read the Hadoop Plugin
User Guide and the Hadoop DSL Language Reference to get started today.

If you are Apache Pig or Apache Spark, the Hadoop Plugin has some useful tasks for you. The Hadoop
Plugin includes features for Apache Pig that will statically validate your Pig scripts (saving you
time instead of finding out that there is a syntax error in your script when you try to run it). If
you run Hadoop jobs through a gateway, the Plugin includes tasks that will automatically launch
your Pig and Spark jobs on the gateway (instead of you needing to manually download your code and
jars to the gateway box first).

#### Hadoop Plugin User Guide

The Hadoop Plugin User Guide is available at [User Guide]
(https://github.com/linkedin/linkedin-gradle-plugin-for-apache-hadoop/wiki/User-Guide).

#### Hadoop DSL Language Reference

The Hadoop DSL Language Reference is available at [Hadoop DSL Language Reference]
(https://github.com/linkedin/linkedin-gradle-plugin-for-apache-hadoop/wiki/Hadoop-DSL-Language-Reference).

#### Getting the Hadoop Plugin

The Hadoop Plugin is now published on [plugins.gradle.org]
(https://plugins.gradle.org/plugin/com.linkedin.gradle.hadoop.HadoopPlugin). Click on the link for
a short snippet to add to your `build.gradle` file to start using the Hadoop Plugin.

#### Project Structure

The project structure is setup as follows:

  * `azkaban-client`: Code to work with Azkaban via the Azkaban REST API
  * `hadoop-plugin`: Code for the various plugins that comprise the Hadoop Plugin
  * `hadoop-plugin-test`: Test cases for the Hadoop Plugin
  * `li-hadoop-plugin`: LinkedIn-specific extensions to the Hadoop Plugin
  * `li-hadoop-plugin-test`: Test cases for the LinkedIn-specific extensions to the Hadoop Plugin

Although the `li-hadoop-plugin` code is generally specific to LinkedIn, it is included in the
project to show you how to use subclassing to extend the core functionality of the Hadoop Plugin.

#### Building and Running Test Cases

To build the Plugin and run the test cases, run `./gradlew build` from the top-level project directory.

To see all the test tasks, run `./gradlew tasks` from the top-level project directory. You can run
an individual test with `./gradlew test_testName`. You can also run multiple tests by running
`./gradlew test_testName1 ... test_testNameN`.

#### Apache Oozie Status

Although we started on a Hadoop DSL compiler for Oozie, we did not complete it, and it is currently
not in a usable form. We are not currently working on it, although it is possible we might go back
and finish it in the future.

#### Recent News

  * `April 2016` We have made a refresh of the [User Guide](https://github.com/linkedin/linkedin-gradle-plugin-for-apache-hadoop/wiki/User-Guide) and [Hadoop DSL Language Reference](https://github.com/linkedin/linkedin-gradle-plugin-for-apache-hadoop/wiki/Hadoop-DSL-Language-Reference) Wiki pages
  * `January 2016` The Hadoop Plugin is now published on [plugins.gradle.org](https://plugins.gradle.org/plugin/com.linkedin.gradle.hadoop.HadoopPlugin)
  * `November 2015` Gradle version bumped to 2.7 and the Gradle daemon enabled - tests run much, much faster
  * `August 2015` Initial pull requests for Oozie versioned deployments and the Oozie Hadoop DSL compiler have been merged
  * `August 2015` The Hadoop Plugin and Hadoop DSL were released on Github! See the [LinkedIn Engineering Blog post](https://engineering.linkedin.com/hadoop/open-sourcing-linkedin-gradle-plugin-and-dsl-apache-hadoop) for the announcement!
  * `July 2015` See our talk at the [Gradle Summit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=51NzDgxHr4I)
